---
title: China Studies in English
permalink: /movetolearnsubject2/
variant: tiptap
description: ""
---
<p>Wondered why a film about the lovable Pooh was banned in China?&nbsp;</p><p>Learn about contemporary China and delve deeper into Chinese politics, society and economy. Explore issues of sustainability, and find out more about the Chinese government’s efforts to ensure its relevance amidst the society’s shifting social values and beliefs. Discover about the rise of China and its impact on the region and internationally. A contemporary course about relevant developments in the region you live in.&nbsp;</p><p>You will have the opportunity to discuss sources, debate issues and view issues from multiple perspectives - all of which are critical skills that will enable you to become more future-ready and prepare yourselves for the rigour of university studies.&nbsp;</p><p>Your seniors have highlighted that their CSE experience was an enriching one. One in fact highlighted that <em>“CSE was a very valuable subject because it helped (him) develop a habit of keeping up with China and global affairs. It enabled (him) to follow the major arguments experts and journalists write about in relation to China. It feels encouraging and empowering to actually understand what (he was) reading.</em></p><p><em>Through the course, (he) has also developed the ability to build and evaluate arguments alongside content mastery. CSE really affirmed (his) interest in China studies. For (him), even in NS, keeping up to date with China, seeing how its landscape has evolved…has kept (his) brain sharp and given (him) an indication of what (he) might want to delve deeper into when going to university.”</em></p>