---
title: Computing
permalink: /learn/subjects/computing/
variant: tiptap
description: ""
third_nav_title: Subjects
---
<p>Are you prepared to broaden your horizons beyond the physical, chemical, biological, and mathematical realms? Leap into the digital world by delving into the fundamentals of computing with H2 Computing.</p><p></p><p>Initiate your learning journey by engaging in self-directed learning on Student Learning Space (SLS) and Google Classroom. This will enable you to tackle classwork individually or in groups. Immerse yourself in tutorial discussions, clarifying doubts, illustrate computational thinking, and engaging in ethical computing discourse. Utilise the online spaces to share your programming codes and insights, fostering a learning environment that celebrates diverse solutions. Learn not only from textbooks but also from the perspectives of your peers and teachers, including invaluable insights from alumni sharing sessions.</p><p></p><p>Feeling uncertain about how to learn to code? Embark on an adventure by first learning programming constructs through game-based experiences like Potato Pirates or BattleChips. Navigate the seas of conditions, loops, and recursion, conquering the realm of programming constructs while having fun!</p><p></p><p>Once equipped with these foundational skills, unleash your creativity through project-based learning. Immerse yourself in hands-on experiences that blend concepts and knowledge across various topics, culminating in the creation of tangible real-world applications. Envision developing an e-portfolio website, creating a Pokemon search engine, or designing a web-based game.</p><p></p><p>Extend your learning beyond the classroom by venturing into a myriad of opportunities. Participate in learning journeys, and engage in enrichment programmes and workshops. Challenge yourself with competitions like the National Olympiad of Informatics (NOI), Cybersecurity Capture-The-Flags, and other computing experiences.&nbsp;</p><p></p><p>Are you ready to code your future?</p>